We're talking to Dr. Oliver Sacks.
I just asked you, Doctor, where you had your swim today.
Oh, I went to the Central YMCA, which is a lovely, I would think a turn-of-the-century pool.
And it opened at 5.45, which is my sort of time, because I'm a morning person.
And so I had my swim.
I did my 2K.
You say in the book, incidentally, that you do all of it.
It's got most of your thinking.
You see all of it.
Well, a fair amount of it.
A fair amount.
And I wonder if you could just pick up a little bit on that.
Why suppose this is so?
Um, well, I, um... I'm fine, I'm fine.
I'm a New Englander doctor, so... Um... I, um...
Are you comfortable in that chair?
Do you mind if I just put this close to you, sir?
Sure.
Towards the end, I would like to shoot a couple of pictures, if that's OK.
I have a number of newspapers of white color.
OK, well, what I can put out, I've been watching a lot of stuff.
I'm trying to put my shirt on.
If you can move this whole thing, so then,
I can face you properly.
Okay.
Is this fine here?
Yeah.
Okay.
That's perfect for you.
I get paranoid if I can't see you.
Oh, sure.
No, no, no, no.
There's some sort of calming and stimulation and freedom and lack of self-consciousness.
for me when I swim.
And I think there's something about the rhythm which can get me into a sort of trance-like state.
I find it very difficult to sit at a desk and write.
There are no differences in the pool, is there?
No, no, no.
And there's, I don't know, there's some sort of mystical feeling, even in a pool.
I mean, one feels a bit much more obviously in a lake or whatever.
I'd rather swim as competitive as you can.
Yeah, that's nice.
I'm not competitive in the pool.
I move at exactly the same rate, which is a metre a second, whether I swim for a hundred or a thousand or ten thousand.
And I don't care whether other people are very fast or slower.
I wish I'd got there earlier because the pool was almost empty and I could have sort of...
I sometimes need a, you know, 20 minutes or a kilometer or a mile or whatever to get into the sort of trance, the trance space.
It is, it is, you enter a zone, so to speak.
Would you say you enter an intellectual kind of a zone?
Well, I don't know that intellectually, I mean, it is another zone, another form of being, and a sort of timeless one.
Do you become anxious if you miss the day of swimming?
Yes, I become anxious and a bit annoyed.
I mean, you know, I will survive, but particularly with this sort of whistle stop, you know, going all over the state, and the days get very clothed and frantic, so if I can at least have my solitary meditative swim,
I was kind of amused to see in the little interview they did with you in the New York Times last week that you mentioned, by still carrying a green card, your status as resident alien, which you rather like, apparently.
Well, I don't...
I don't know where it works.
Yeah, I don't know.
Well, metaphorically, I'm not quite sure where I belong.
And as a metaphor, it does appeal to me.
And maybe see the other side of the anthropologist on Mars or whatever.
Tell me a little bit about, it is a delicate balance, a fine line that you walk with when you leave the realm of dealing with an individual or the patient.
Or this person is about to become a character in a literary work and enter the discussion?
Well, first, this doesn't happen that often.
One of the reasons I'm running late this morning is that I saw a patient when I came back to my swim and I very much want to
you know, want to understand him, what goes on with him.
I think he's a patient.
I haven't seen someone quite like him almost since Awakenings.
I think he has this very rare post-encephalitic syndrome.
But he's not going to become a character.
I'm not going to write about him.
I don't think I am.
And I don't quite know when the impulse to write may or may not sort of emerge
or to write publicly, may or may not emerge at some point.
I always write privately.
I made some notes of Jockins when I was seeing him, and I think on the plane back, I'm going to sort of, you know, put things into more of a narrative, probably a narrative which no one will ever see.
The narrative, for me, is first a way of organizing my own thoughts.
Are you really conscious of literary style, however?
I'm never, I'm never conscious of literary style.
And yet I think style sort of enters all sort of style all the while.
For example, in The Last Hippie, I think I just, at some point, I think I just quote from my hospital notes.
I left the publication or whatever, and I'm not sure that they were.
It was about his father's death, and I don't know if they're that different in style.
Yes, right.
So, sometimes things are just in my notebook, sometimes they're in the hospital notes, and sometimes they go further.
Sometimes they're in the form of a letter.
When I wrote about a man with Tourette's, the one I later called Witty Titty Ray, part of that consisted of a letter to a colleague.
I sometimes have an explosion of letters to friends and colleagues before I write anything.
And then if I write, I'd probably think of a letter to everybody, or a letter to anybody who's interested.
I love the epistolary form.
It's a lost form, almost.
It's not a lost form, but it's a dying form.
And I think it should be pointed out that you've dealt with thousands of patients over the years when it comes to writing publications.
We're talking about a handful of people.
Right, sure.
But I guess I'm really interested in this line that you, you know, you've made the decision that this is a story that you want to share, that you want to write about.
I think, for example, that's the sort of case of the colorblind painter.
I mean, he first wrote me the letter.
You know, he wanted to consult me.
Yeah, it was marvelous, you know, and I saw him with a good friend, an ophthalmologist, friend and colleague.
I think it may have been the vividness of his description.
I'd never encountered total colorblindness.
I'd never thought about a chromatopia.
I wouldn't have thought it was that interesting or that profound.
In a parallel way, you were also fascinated by creativity, since Matt Diddock and UNX Carmen.
Yeah, or probe a number of things there.
Absolutely.
I think as you describe this nuclear sunrise, and sort of the beginnings of a whole change of value in vain, so that this impoverished, sort of nightmarish world started to...
I rather like the almost chromatotic seat outside the window, a very, very delicate Chinese trees.
I think I probably felt the first time that this man was a sort of treasure.
What did you learn about creativity?
I think it's still a great mystery for you.
Does it remain a great mystery for you?
Oh, absolutely, and I think it always will.
I mean, so I don't know what to make of Stephen.
I wonder about the creativity himself.
I mean, I have a whole paragraph of those sort of rhetorical questions, and I can't sort of resolve them.
Is that common, by the way?
Are there always unresolved questions for you, unanswered questions?
Yes.
And everything that you've done, I hate to make a categorical sweeping statement, but I'm just curious, is there always an element of mystery that remains for you?
I think so.
I mean, one would say, you know, how come, don't I know all about Parkinson's?
You know, what am I doing in the middle of a sort of crowded Boston morning?
I still, sort of, 35 years,
When I first came to the state, I worked in a Parkinsonian clinic in 1960.
It was a neurosurgical clinic.
35 years later, I still think that even Parkinsonism requires forms of understanding which I don't have and which I think no one has.
When I saw the Parkinsonian article
and I very much want to write about.
I mentioned him just a little bit.
He's the man in fact who treats himself with apomorphine and then suddenly says, you know, I've forgotten how to be Parkinsonian, which was quite amazing.
You know, he added that 40 minutes later, he said, when the apomorphine wears off, he says, the dreadful knowledge of how to be Parkinsonian will come back and have to pack it on us.
But when I...
When I met him, I had the feeling that everything I'd written on Parkinsonism was sort of as thin as this interstellar gas.
I'm not capable of it, but a 500-page book could be written about this man and about a day in his life, and it wouldn't be a word too long, because the reality is that big and that complex.
and Parkinsonism is a lot of sympathy, you know, compared to something like Tourette's.
You also mentioned that when you decided to go out and do these seven, that you actually became, you went beyond the clinician, and then you became seconding akin to an anthropologist, a field worker, and you actually had to go out and
absorb their lives, I guess, become part of it.
I wonder if you could address yourself a bunch of that.
Well, this has been increasing with me over the years.
Gary, thank you.
His real name is Gary.
The man I call Greg, of course, is in the hospital, and the same awaitance hospitalizing for 30 years.
But I started with a particular point in 1976,
when I was listening to a man with Tourette's syndrome, and he was describing to me various events and scenes on his eventful journey to me.
And as I listened, I thought, I will never know what this man's life is like unless I go out with him.
So I went for a stroll with him.
and then later went for a car drive and sort of sat in the back of the car with a hoodie of tape.
More and more, I need to see people in their own world, so to speak.
No, but which I used to love doing cross calls with my father.
He felt so strongly, you know, and the office was called the surgery in England.
He'd see people there, but he wanted to see them in their homes and this and that.
You said the family trade, by the way, I think was the name.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The family trade, it was my mother's trade.
And all of us, I sort of carrying on.
What was your mother's specialty?
And she was a surgeon, a general surgeon, although both she and my father had some training in neurology.
And I read someplace where your mother had three siblings who founded schools, is that correct?
Yeah.
What kind of schools were these?
My wife asked me.
Okay, all right.
Well, one of them was a school in Cheshire.
for what used to be called delicate children.
But really the family was concerned in every aspect of it.
The healing arts, shall we say.
Yeah, yeah.
And one art founded a school in Palestine, as it was then, in 1899.
She was my mother's older sister.
There was a huge sort of
there were six children by first marriage and then 13 by second mother, 17 to 19, the young sort of huge, and then another school founded, another school, another aunt founded a school in London for what used to be delinquent children, things like this.
And I interrupted, now we can get back to where we were.
Okay, well, I, even with something like
Parkinsonism, which one would say is a simple neurological disorder, a motor disorder, I, with the man whom I sort of saw today, I would like to see him in all sorts of situations, and even situations which I can't see, I want to be told about.
For example, he, there's an amazing book called Ivan, Ivan Vaughn, a psychologist in England with Parkinsonism,
And there's a common and terrible chapter in this book called In the Loom.
And the, no, I can't follow a patient into the loom.
I wouldn't want to, but I want to know the details of a life of Parkinson's.
I don't think one can sort of begin to understand or treat him unless one does that.
So I want to see the details of people's lives and
to some extent, if I can without being voyeuristic or invasive or intrusive.
And there's this delicate sort of thing as an anthropology where you're a participant or whatever.
But...
But it's a delicate business, and as you would imply, there's the danger of indelicacy.
You know, when one doesn't want to sort of pry too far.
And I will say I never, I hope, pry further than people, than I'm welcome.
I sort of, in a way, wait to see what sort of welcome or space is allowed for me for penetration.
I would try not to push too far.
Is the connecting theme, obviously, maybe this is so obvious, that you could discuss a little bit about paradoxical fails, because you're describing these paradoxical fails.
Well, whether there's really any connecting themes, I'm not sure.
You know, these are seven.
They were never conceived as a seven.
These are pieces written at different times and different moods.
But I do think in each case one sees how a life, an identity, that sort of fits the condition has been present.
Let's start again.
About the paradox?
Okay.
I would regard the paradox.
I'd be the last person to
to recommend or prescribe illness or misfortune or addiction for anyone.
On the other hand, and clearly some people are just torn apart and devastated and embittered and ruined by what has happened.
And I see plenty of this.
But I also see sometimes unexpected strengths and resources being called out.
And also at times, even as it were, aspects of the disease itself
which can be positive.
And I think the theme of some of these unexpected positivities, the possibility of drawing them out, is a theme of a book.
Now, this may be, I don't say that the colorblind artist
was a better artist for losing his colour.
But what was so extraordinary was that although there was no recovery in a neurological sense, there was a recovery, or rather a
a rebirth or renewal or reconstruction of his creative identity and his sensibility in the terms he now had.
And I don't know whether to speak.
I read, I mean, so he became a great
black and white artists.
And lots of people saw this just as an artistic renewal, but some... I'm sorry, yeah.
I was going to dress formally.
I'm like this, if I could ask you to explain, I understand him.
Okay, but I've been so rushing around that I... Right.
So here is a man who one would think has a devastating loss, especially for an artist in colour.
But the loss for him is turned into a portal, into a new world, in what he regards as a privileged form of vision.
So he is now more conscious of texture, of shape, of movement, of delicacy.
He starts to feel he's in a refined world.
and that the rest of us, so-called color normals, are being distracted by, you know, by something extreme.
Can I say, pardon me for jumping in, and I want to get on the tape before I forget it, but I have the greatest respect now for Robin Williams' interpretation.
Oh, you do?
The gestures.
I can't imagine.
I don't know, whatever, it's very entertaining life or whatever.
It's quite remarkable.
Can I?
You might address yourself to the larger question of what was it like to be, to be, to have a, I don't think you are a poging position.
And you're used to analyzing analysis.
How does it feel to have this procedure reversed, I guess, in the moment?
I'm certainly prepared to be a case history myself.
I'm, you know, under the sense my leg book is a sort of case history of, you know,
I wasn't objected violently to the script.
Especially because I didn't want to be a character myself.
I said, I'm not.
I'm outside this.
I'm the author.
I'm the physician.
I'm the creator.
They have a character.
And they said, no, you know, you want to be a character.
Okay.
You know, you know.
Now, please, that's for you.
for both of us, for us.
But I'm going to take out the tea bag before it exudes any more tannin.
I spent quite a lot of time with Rob and I showed some patients in hospitals, as with Daniel.
And I sort of didn't realize that I was the subject
at the same time I feel ceaseless and minute, though I have a very sympathetic observation.
And then as you say about the gestures, there was one day, with that picture at the back of the book, it seems to catch me.
I think I have a penalty for getting things like this.
And I was speaking with him, and he was like that.
And he wasn't imitating me, but by that point he had really
He had got and he had appropriated and taken into himself and incorporated my gestures and many of my mental gestures, some of my tones of voice and the way I thought and, as it were, some of my memories and my interests.
It was very, very uncanny, like a sort of sudden clone.
And at that point, we both felt it was necessary to keep some distance between us so that he would be free
you know, free to sort of create a figure of himself in his own way and not any sort of duplication of me.
And, you know, there's only, to some extent, a limited extent to see.
I can't now even see feet in the name of the Doctor in a way.
But it has something of me, clearly.
I also read some ways where De Niro
is really a totally different kind of, probably he didn't say anything or said very little.
Yeah, I'm sort of rather frightened, or perhaps awed would be a better word, by De Niro at first, was intense, silent concentration, and one didn't know what was going on, and one didn't see the intermediate stages, as it were, the sort of robin was full of
visible, audible, often very funny sort of experiments with identity in the scenes where De Niro sort of, I think so much of this went on internally and secretly and then this very profoundly considered sort of portrayal would come out.
I think of even greater interest to me is not just
your reaction to the way actors might respond to you, but the way playwrights have really looked at your work as perhaps the raw material of drama.
Right.
One second before I commit an impropriety.
What is that for?
I think he said it's yogurt.
Yeah, I know.
Do I put in my tea?
I don't know what to do with it.
I'll be curious to find out.
I love this place.
How is it, might I add?
Delicious.
Um, yeah, see, when Awakenings was originally written in 73, Alan Bennett was, whom I knew somewhat, and I'm, uh, was interested in those dramatic possibilities, but, you know, but didn't sort of do anything.
I was, um, I was, uh, um, I was thrilled and
I'm sort of overwhelmed when I saw when Prince had sent me the play.
Amazing.
And also this marvellous letter, which I don't know whether I quote it or not, when he said he'd read Awakens in 73, then he said he forgot it, and it sort of submerged inside him for eight years.
And then suddenly he woke up one morning with a first image and a first line of a play.
the first time something's happening, you know, and the whole thing then wrote itself.
And I wish that Patience had been alive to see that.
But I was also relieved from any embarrassment because Pinter's play, you know, such a radical creation, Pinter's doctor, for example, bears no resemblance to me.
You know, it's not supposed to bear.
How do we know where reality, what the line is, what imagination kicks in?
I think Shakespeare describes it, you know.
So I'm doing this wrong.
We used to have a very nice music therapist at the hospital.
who used to say, I love you, Dr. Satt.
She said, well, I can't bear to see you eat.
You know, and she would refuse to have lunch with me.
A number of my newspapers like television.
Very colorful.
Well, it's nice, though, the flowers.
See, I'm getting the flowers back there on the chandelier.
Oh, good, good.
And I'm trying to get a little bit active to come around.
You were talking about... I love the fact that you really... There are a couple of questions that we're writing out of time, I guess, but you have really... The reviewer in the New York Times, I think, quite accurately observed that you have taken the case study
You've really made it a literary form.
Is it something that you have done mindfully?
No, no, no, no, no, I haven't.
And I'm sort of embarrassed and slightly annoyed when people talk about genres, which is never a word I use myself.
And I didn't think of myself as a literary figure.
I mean, clearly, one can be sort of, you know, disingenuous here and say, well, you know, I'm just telling a simple story and sort of relating the facts.
I think I partly am.
I grew up in a household of tales and medical stories and, you know, case histories.
Well, let me see.
This is, what, the sixth book I think?
Yeah, I know.
No, no, no, it's the sixth.
No, no, no, I'm slowest.
It's slowest.
One, two, three, four, five.
Okay, so it's been six, six, and a 25-year-old.
So tell me about that.
What news, what stirrings... How did it start?
Well, I had written alternates, but really not published anything.
Rebecca.
I sort of had a pen and paper at hand almost ever since I can remember.
I was called inky at school.
That was my nickname?
That was my nickname.
I like KY?
Yes.
I was particularly fond of descriptions and sort of keeping journals and travel journals with events and people and places and a couple of relatively early things were published 30 years later when a magazine and peers wrote to me saying they had a special issue on journals and I gave them
a journal, a notebook which I had written in the Canadian Rockies in 1960.
There was a sort of day when I just lay in a meadow and wrote, and thought very much between two worlds.
I had left England, I had left Europe, I thought I'd left medicine.
I didn't know what came next, so it was this in-between point.
They also published another one called Travel Happy, which was, I'd been
I had a motorbike.
I'd sort of been going and zigzagging around the country in Mexico when the motorbike blew up on me.
And then I sort of hitched a lift with a truck and described life with these two truckers as a truck stop.
The truck stop in Alabama was called Travel Factory.
And now, in a way, I partly think this, as it were, this portrait of the two truckers and the trucking life
was sort of precursor of some of the clinical sort of portraits which came later.
So I think already some desire for this sort of chronicling and fitted into medicine.
Although my first book really didn't indulge this too much, and it was very unexpected.
I had gone home in the summer of 67,
And I'd been in a migraine clinic for six or eight months, which, to my amazement, excited and stimulated me tremendously.
And very suddenly, without intending it, I wrote a book.
It sort of poured out of me.
and I sort of sent a letter to my boss saying, you know, funny thing happened, you know, something took hold of me, and I wrote this book.
The greatest happiness I think I've, in a way, ever known was when, in fact, that earlier version was partly abandoned, and then I
I redid it.
As a part of getting it out of my head and giving it to the publisher, on September the month, 1968, I started a month of happiness such as I had never known before or since.
Because for the first time in my life, and against all the odds, I thought, I've done something, and it's real, it's not great, but it's not bad, and it's outside me.
and it's potentially part of the world now.
Has the response that has generated, has that surprised you, that people are so... Well, it surprised me intensely at first, and it surprised my publishers, and, you know, when... I mean, Awakens never had that much of an impact, although I think sort of, you know, it had a limited readership, we thought, sort of,
Fine.
But then you see, they had a print one of 3,000 or whatever, and that sort of sold out in a day, and suddenly it was on bestsellerness, and this happened out of the blue.
And my publisher then, they said, it's just a fruit.
When people will see the book doesn't live up to its title, they won't buy it anymore, but then they did.
Do you see these?
And it is interesting because we had a huge medical book last year.
We'll do something.
I'm fine, thank you.
He's a marvelous man.
I met him for the first time actually before that was published.
I knew his earlier book, Doctors.
We have the same literary agent as a matter of fact.
But it is interesting that
They are different stories.
I mean, he writes about death.
Your stories are uplifting in a way, aren't they?
Oh, they are.
He does tell us how we meet our ends.
I am... I found How We Die very,
terrifying.
I was sort of, when I'm quoted on the cover, I was actually only partly quoted.
One of the things I also said in the same letter to the publishers, I didn't know they were going to want to use a full blurb, was that I could only bear to read a little bit at a time, because it frightened me too much and overwhelmed me.
I did read the whole book, but I'm usually a fairly quick reader, but that took me about two months, because I could only
No, there's only so much I could take.
No, I'm not asking you to contract those books, but I guess I'm reaching for the fact, the suggestion that these are uplifting stories.
Do you agree with that assessment?
Well, if this is toppled with the notion that sort of tragic and even horrible situations are sometimes described of...
that the man who reverts to blindness and the, and the, you know, who is thrown into terrible confusion by the intervention, by the gift of heart, and, you know, and then struggles, and then reverts to a strange, ambiguous blindness, and, you know, and the last line of the last hippie is chilling, you know, I've never been to the garden.
And yet, and yet,
There is something, in each case these are individuals with different ways, with sort of chosen resource or courage or stoicism.
So it is a book about surviving.
Surviving, and they are instructive.
Yeah.
And I love the fact that you are interested in
people like Rustoyevsky and Johnson, and these people from the past.
I mean, we're not just focusing on these cases.
You are giving us a little wider focus here, actually.
Perhaps you could tell us how to test yourself briefly for that.
Yeah.
Well, the... When I was writing the latter part of Awakenings, a very strange...
sort of grief-stricken and in so good state, it was immediately after my mother's death.
In the summer of 72, I completed the case history.
I had a little apartment in London then, and I would take them down and I would read them to her.
She knew, at least from descriptions, many of the patients well on that.
And then the latter part of the book.
At that time, I could only read dumb.
some reason done devotions and uh this is um i i mean this early 17th century sort of um it just sort of seems so close it spoke to my condition that seemed relevant to awakenings and you know diseases whole consultations and um but um in uh um
I quote the case, you know, the description of Dr. North, this 18th century sort of master of the college who lost a sort of frontal lobe from a stroke and became a different sort of person.
Are you familiar with the book that came out 15 years ago, Boswell's Clamp and Other Medical Essays?
I saw it.
Who wrote that?
I can't call the name.
It's pretty interesting.
It is case-setting.
No, I was saying something about Mozart and Tourette's.
But I'll be happy to say, I've done it at home.
Oh, good, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I don't think Mozart had Tourette's.
I think Johnson did, probably did, as far as what could judge, from circumstantial evidence.
And I mean, there's so, so much in him.
He's hardly stepping over himself.
touching every thick post and these strange noises that she used to make.
And his hatred of imitation, which was obviously prone to himself.
But one way or another, the voice of the past was so present.
I mean, I...
Mollinger's letter to Locke.
You know, it says it was on a 15-year-old boy in 1728.
I mean, those early figures perfused to see and not see.
You know, I felt them all in my room with me.
You know, and I sort of, I love this feeling of the ancestors.
I gather there's no shortage of ideas of projects being worked on.
the timepiece suggested a book on leprosy in any way no no no no no not a book on leprosy no i i i was in this strange in micronesia in the summer it's an island of the colorblind of a chromatophis and it's a good part of the population but also on this island i am i got a really tough sense of the many
misfortunes which have been visited on this idyllic place from leprosy to spam to the ambiguities of religion I wouldn't want to say religion is like spam I'm a little embarrassed by that last sentence if indeed I ever said it because I met many noble missionaries and at the same time it's so complex
So I do wonder about a piece on which it may have the centre of achromatopia on this particular line, the finger lap, but it may then spread out to a sort of thing on islands in general.
Because I also looked at the radioactivity in the Marshall Islands and the destruction of coral reefs in Guam, and I don't know how far I will sort of go there.
I read one thing that you'd love to write about this woman's astronaut.
Would you like to travel into space?
Absolutely.
I would, myself.
No, I would love to.
I mean, I'm too old.
My cardiovascular system wouldn't stand probably this and that.
Besides, we ordinary folks don't get a chance.
But have you seen any of these sort of IMAX films of the
You know, and I was the nearest I ever came.
Once I, in a freaky way, I had a Concorde flight from Washington, and the plane flew, I fell asleep for a little bit as we were sort of approaching, as the sun was setting, and was then woken by the sun and was sort of completely disoriented, and then I realized I was seeing the sun
and unsetting in the West.
And then I went into the captain's cabin.
We were going unusually high.
They used to go 50, 60 pounds.
Yeah, and for some reason they were up to 68 or whatever.
Really?
And one got a feeling of the darkness of the deep blue and then the darkness of space and you could just see the curvature of the Earth.
And it sort of altered my feelings.
Some parochial and provincial
was replaced by a sort of planetary feeling, which has stayed with me, and I felt then this is the nearest I will ever come to seeing the Earth as a globe.
I know I have interviewed Buzz Aldrin, but I could never really get him to... This guy is a professional scientist, and he's thinking about what he has to do.
I would love to get somebody to articulate.
This is what Marcia does, and this is why I'm so taken.
I didn't do that.
I promise.
Be sure to tidy up your beard.
I'm the editor.
I only set up a good one.
How about if we... All right.
This thing with the stuff.
Yes.
Say that again, please.
Sorry.
It was Auden's birthday yesterday on the project for us to focus in this.
We always used to celebrate.
How about holding the book?
I don't know.
It was a little too promotional.
I mean, just the way you were looking, signing it.
I don't know if it was emotional at all.
Okay, then.
That's a candid shot of you doing something.
Would you like to set your copy of what I write?
I just want to do a tape, tape and write right like that.
Say something.
Say, hey, puppy.